how to contrubute to open source?

What is open source? Any body can see the code, can modify, can enhance, can share etc.. like using collective mindset
and using collective ideas for everyones growth. It is + to have to be a open source contributor.

better way to contribute to open source is to fork the project or repo:
FORK:
- means copy all the project and put in your own github profile.
- Fork essentially means copy over the entire project and put it on your own GitHub profile.

So if I click Fork here and we see options that you can select where you want to fork the project and you want to select
your profile. So once we fork this project, we make a copy of it. It's like we own this repository now with our own
version of the PROJECT. So once we have this, we can clone this repository using SSH or https, whatever you prefer.
In my case, I'll use SSH so that I don't have to use my password every time. I can now say git clone and clone this repository.
Now we can CD and to start here guidelines and we can open this up in our favorite text editor.


to clone or download repo or project:

git clone <repo link>
to create a new branch: git checkout -b <branch name>
to push to the new branch: git push origin <branchname>

Always push to your local branch, then raise the PR. Pushing to master or main directly is not good.
if we do git push origin master:  origin is the my forked repo. And master is the main repo from where I forked.,

if you want to add your changes to main branch, then you have to first push the changes to your local branch of the forked branch.
Than raise a PR.

Steps to contribute to open source..
1. Fork the project.  {click on fork on the project u want to work on and select your profile}
2. Clone or download the project to your local. {from your profile you will now see the forked project, clone or download it}
    git clone <repo link>
    to create a new branch: git checkout -b <branch name>
    to push to the new branch: git push origin <branchname>
3. Work on the features or the project.,
4. create your own child branch of the cloned repo.
5. add files, commit, push code to the child branch.
6. go to source tree and raise the PR with appropriate comments.

to push the changes:

git add * or git add .
git commit -m ""
git push (if only one branch you have)  | git push origin <branchname> (to push to desired branch)